Juror-Draft-Court-Rulling wording changes (#2)
aragon/protocol-dashboard: README.md

# Aragon Protocol Dashboard <a href="https://aragon.org/"><img align="right" src="docs/assets/LogoAccent.svg" height="80px" /></a>

### Aragon Protocol handles subjective disputes requiring judgment from human guardians.

<a href="https://court.aragon.org/dashboard"><img src="docs/assets/screenshot.png" /></a>

- 📚 Read the [User Guide](https://help.aragon.org/category/47-aragoncourt) first, if you have any questions as a user.

> - 📝 Please report any issues and feedback in the [Aragon discord channels](https://discord.gg/zcKs8H).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📝 Please report any issues and feedback in the [support channel on Discord](https://discord.gg/ZncWSEGbSJ).
```

> - 🔧 For technical discussions, use this project's [issues](https://github.com/aragon/court-dashboard/issues) or join the technical conversation in our [Developer hangout](https://spectrum.chat/aragon/general-development) channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🔧 For technical discussions, use this project's [issues](https://github.com/aragon/court-dashboard/issues) or join the technical conversation in join the technical conversation in the [hacker hangout channel on Discord](https://discord.gg/XrhUzEy7jf).
```

> - 📖 To learn more about contributing to the Aragon Protocol, please check the [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📖 To learn more about contributing to the Aragon Protocol Dashboard, please check the [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

# Aragon Protocol Dashboard <a href="https://aragon.org/"><img align="right" src="docs/assets/LogoAccent.svg" height="80px" /></a>

> ### Aragon Protocol handles subjective disputes requiring judgment from human jurors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Aragon Protocol handles subjective disputes requiring judgment from human guardians.
```

 _For a detailed guide on how to achieve this, see more instructions [here](https://github.com/aragon/court-subgraph)._

> You can also setup the [protocol services](https://github.com/aragonone/court-backend/tree/master/packages/services), which include some automation for auto-revealing commitments, penalty settlements and heartbeats. In order for auto-reveals to work, you will need also to setup the [protocol server](https://github.com/aragonone/court-backend/tree/master/packages/server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also setup the [protocol services](https://github.com/aragon/protocol-backend/tree/master/packages/services), which include some automation for auto-revealing commitments, penalty settlements and heartbeats. In order for auto-reveals to work, you will need also to setup the [protocol server](https://github.com/aragon/protocol-backend/tree/master/packages/server).
```

> To start populating the protocol with disputes, you can use the [CLI tool](https://github.com/aragonone/court-backend/tree/master/packages/cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start populating the protocol with disputes, you can use the [CLI tool](https://github.com/aragon/protocol-backend/tree/master/packages/cli).
```

Author: ah dind' change the links because just in case the repo dind't exist, did you guys already moved to that repo?

Reviewer: Yes, it's already up!

#### Issues

> If you come across an issue with the Protocols Dashboard, do a search in the [Issues](https://github.com/aragon/protocol-dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen) tab of this repo to make sure it hasn't been reported before. Follow these steps to help us prevent duplicate issues and unnecessary notifications going to the many people watching this repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you come across an issue with the Protocol Dashboard, do a search in the [Issues](https://github.com/aragon/protocol-dashboard/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen) tab of this repo to make sure it hasn't been reported before. Follow these steps to help us prevent duplicate issues and unnecessary notifications going to the many people watching this repo:
```
